# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.68.1
    # via langchain-anthropic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via langchain
cachecontrol==0.14.3
    # via firebase-admin
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via uvicorn
comm==0.2.3
    # via ipykernel
cryptography==46.0.1
    # via pyjwt
debugpy==1.8.17
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
distro==1.9.0
    # via anthropic
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via anthropic
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.117.1
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
filetype==1.2.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
firebase-admin==7.1.0
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.7.0
    # via langchain-google-genai
google-api-core==2.25.1
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==2.21.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==3.4.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.75.1
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   firebase-admin
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.30.1
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
ipython==8.37.0
    # via ipykernel
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jiter==0.11.0
    # via anthropic
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via ipykernel
jupyter-core==5.8.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
langchain==0.3.27
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
langchain-anthropic==0.3.20
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-google-genai==2.1.12
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.6.7
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.1
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.6.4
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.2.9
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.4.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via cachecontrol
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
orjson==3.11.3
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
parso==0.8.5
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.4.0
    # via jupyter-core
prompt-toolkit==3.0.52
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.1.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   project (pyproject.toml)
    #   anthropic
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-anthropic
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pygments==2.19.2
    # via ipython
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via firebase-admin
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
pyzmq==27.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via langchain
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.48.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via langchain-core
tornado==6.5.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   cryptography
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   grpcio
    #   ipython
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.37.0
    # via project (pyproject.toml)
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via prompt-toolkit
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
